I want to build a private SaaS service for crypto market analysis and prediction.

The service uses a collector that build a crypocurrencies hitsotry of values in $,
for each hour, strating from a day defined in a .env configuration file.

The storage must be in a Postgresql DB.
The collector is launched manually or on on schedule with paarameters in .env
When scheduled it looks at data avaialable and start to enrich the data as long as data is available.
The collector first proceeds from yesterday and go back until start date 
defined in .env , then it enrich data from  last date recorded to most recent data untl data is available.

The collector tracks the n highest captalized cryptos. This value is in defined in .env.

The service has a deep learning engine and providse an API to define for
- getting the best 20 most performing cryptos for a next period of 24 hours
- getting the tendency of current market (a list of tendencies is to define)

The service will alo have a genAI engine and a friendly wbeUI similar to chatGPT that allows to question on market analysis:
- a fresh zone of Q&A (questions are limited to crypto market and technology)
- keep the history of questions (limited to 3)
Security: All the interactions with OepnAI must be kept anonumous and never expose personal data or enterprise information. Any question must be analysed for detection g personal data and the quesiton rejected!

The service has an alert system that schelu market every hour based on the last info collected. This service sends emerging sms to a phone configured in .env.in case of massive market shift (increase or decrease).

The solution is technically based on Python, Flask, SQLAlchemy, HTML5/CSS with Bootsrap5, and use Open source and free tools. The SaaS service will be hosted on AWS.
For data: Binance free API.
For genAI service and predicitive ML: Streamlit, LSTM/GRU networks, and OpenAI API (model: gpt-4o-mini by default defined in .env).


Build the solution with kiro spec. 
Generate documentation:
DEVELOPMENT-GUIDE.md including OpenAI registration process
DEPLOYMENT-GUIDE.md 
USER-GUIDE.md including costs
SECURITY&CONFORMANCE-GUIDE.md


--------------
In requirements & design add:

Create a terraform/ folder to create in an existing AWS account :
an Amamazonlinux2023 t3.micro instance to host the solution, 
in a public subnet, 
with a SG limiting access ports 22 and HTTPs from the dev workstation IP sour
with SSM and inconnect access,
an EIP.

make a clear separation betwenn local scripts (deployment and control of remote AWS platform components, and the remote-scipts used by the remote application.

For postgresql, in AWS: install it on the EC2.

Create also a local environment using an external Postgresql local Postgresl.
Use .env to locate the databes parametres ( so there will be a local-env. and an aws-env. In aws, tehre will be the possibility to use later an RDS-Postgresl service (but as an evolution).

The url to use:
crypto-ai.local:10443 for local webapp
cryto-aoi.crypto-vision.com for AWS

Certificates : use self-signed certificates for both sites.

Questions:
- which ML technology and tools do you recommend for building the API
- which technology you suggest for the genAI webUI service
- if the SaaS is exposed to public: does the provider requires specific aggreements or licnesing in France and Europe ? (CASP licensing?) - in that case are there turnarounds to escape them, may be limiting perimeter of action.